= Commenteux

This is a mountable gem that add a presentation layer to acts_as_commentable.

Mount this gem into your app to automatically have access to screens that list and create comments on any of your resources.
Those screen will be inserted in your current app layout. You can call the routes of the gem with ajax passing a parent
div where you want the response to ben inserted.

Note that the presentation layer is based on bootstrap.

Also note that you must have acts_as_commentable installed and declared in your desired resources.

== Installation :

Add the following line to your Gemfile

=== Rails 4

  gem 'commenteux'

== Usage

Mount the commenteux gem in your routes:

  mount Commenteux::Engine => "/"

The routes that will be available are :

       GET  /commenteux/:resource/:resource_id(.:format)     commenteux/notes#index
       GET  /commenteux/:resource/:resource_id/new(.:format) commenteux/notes#new
       POST /commenteux/:resource/:resource_id(.:format)     commenteux/notes#create

where :resource is the name of your model (you can use namespace)


==== Model
Add acts_as_commentable in your model who will have comments

    acts_as_commentable :private, :public

:private, :public are a example if specific role needed.

====Include the needed javascript file in your application.js or application.js.coffee

==== Javascript
    //= require commenteux/application
==== CoffeeScript
    #= require commenteux/application

Call url of commenteux screens, for exemple, like that:

  <%= link_to "<i class='icon-file-text text-blue'></i> Notes".html_safe,
                "/commenteux/client::contract/#{@contract.id}?parent_div=ajax_target&roles=public,private&display_list_notes=true",
                :id => "notes_tab", :data => {:remote => true} %>

where roles is obligated when specific roles are declared in the model.
Parameter display_list_notes is optional. The gem will set by default to true. Provides the ability to hide the list of
comments in the index page if the parameter is false.

With a binding like that in your application.js

  $(document).delegate '#notes_tab', 'ajax:success', (e, data, status, xhr) ->
    $('.tab_header').removeClass('active')
    $('#notes_tab_header').addClass('active')
    $('#ajax_target').html(xhr.responseText)

==== Rails Internationalization (en.yml)
If specific roles of acts_as_commentable are declared in model, declare their labels under en: like

  en:
    public: "Administrator"
    private: "Delivery man"


== Credits

{Jack Dempsey}[http://github.com/jackdempsey] - The creator of acts_as_commentable.

== Contributors

{Serge Savoie}[http://github.com/seurdge]

{Rémi Gagnon}[http://github.com/rgagnon]

{Nicolas Demers}[http://github.com/nickdemers]

== More

http://www.groupefungo.ca


